mgr/dashboard/qa: add missing dashboard suites (#25084)
ceph/ceph: src/pybind/mgr/dashboard/HACKING.rst

  framework. This has the advantage of catching bugs originated from changes in
  the internal Ceph code.

  Our ``run-backend-api-tests.sh`` script will start a ``vstart`` Ceph cluster
  before running the Teuthology tests, and then it stops the cluster after the
  tests are run. Of course this implies that you have built/compiled Ceph
  previously.

  Start all dashboard tests by running::

    $ ./run-backend-api-tests.sh

  Or, start one or multiple specific tests by specifying the test name::

    $ ./run-backend-api-tests.sh tasks.mgr.dashboard.test_pool.PoolTest

  Or, ``source`` the script and run the tests manually::

    $ source run-backend-api-tests.sh
    $ run_teuthology_tests [tests]...
    $ cleanup_teuthology

How to write your own tests:
  There are two possible ways to write your own API tests:

  The first is by extending one of the existing test classes in the
  ``qa/tasks/mgr/dashboard`` directory.

  The second way is by adding your own API test module if you're creating a new
  controller for example. To do so you'll just need to add the file containing
  your new test class to the ``qa/tasks/mgr/dashboard`` directory and implement

>   all your tests here. Additionally add the path the module to ``modules``

Reviewer: I would suggest to convert this into a `note`, so this part is emphasized:
```reStructuredText
.. note::
  Don't forget to add the path of the newly added module to the ``modules``
  section in ``qa/suites/rados/mgr/tasks/dashboard.yaml``!
```

  section in ``qa/suites/rados/mgr/tasks/dashboard.yaml`` please.

  Short example: Let's assume you created a new controller called
  ``my_new_controller.py`` and the related test module
  ``test_my_new_controller.py``. You'll need to add
  ``tasks.mgr.dashboard.test_my_new_controller`` to the ``modules`` section in
  the ``dashboard.yaml`` file.

  Also, if you're removing test modules please keep in mind to remove the
  related section. Otherwise the Teuthology test run will fail.

>   Please test your API tests on your dev environment (as explained above)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Please run your API tests on your dev environment (as explained above)
```

>   before submitting a pull request and make sure that someone ran your tests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  before submitting a pull request and make sure that a full QA run in Teuthology/sepia lab (based on your changes) has completed successfully before it gets merged.
```

>   through Teuthology before it gets merged.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to note that this can be accomplished by adding the **needs-qa** label to the PR?
